Vale linting & other wording cleanup for KBs (#1209)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-ci/github-upload-findings-in-security-dashboard.md

# Why aren't findings populating in the GitHub Advanced Security Dashboard after running Semgrep in CI?

> When scanning with Semgrep in CI, findings automatically populate in Semgrep Cloud Platform. To show findings in the GitHub Advanced Security Dashboard, run an alternate job that uploads findings to the dashboard in the form of a `SARIF` file. See  [Sample GitHub Actions configuration file](https://semgrep.dev/docs/semgrep-ci/sample-ci-configs/#sample-github-actions-configuration-file) for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When scanning with Semgrep in CI, findings automatically populate in Semgrep Cloud Platform. To show findings in the GitHub Advanced Security Dashboard, run an alternate job that uploads findings to the dashboard in the form of a `SARIF` file. See [Sample GitHub Actions configuration file](https://semgrep.dev/docs/semgrep-ci/sample-ci-configs/#sample-github-actions-configuration-file) for an example.
```

If you run the alternate job and it fails with a "resource not accessible by integration" error, there are two possible causes.

> ## Your repository is private

Reviewer: TIL! I had no idea our GHAS export had a "public repos only" limitation! Dumb question, but third-party code scanning findings - I thought of SSC, but isn't this for SAST?

Author: Yes, you're right, that's a confusing term. I think in this case it's meant to indicate that Semgrep is a third-party where GHAS is concerned. @pjzcodes IIRC you wrote this, can you confirm?

> Third-party code scanning findings can only populate in the Advanced Security Dashboard if the repository is public. Otherwise, the job does not have sufficient permissions to write to the dashboard regardless of any permissions set at the workflow or job level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Findings from Semgrep can only populate in the GitHub Advanced Security Dashboard if the repository is public. Otherwise, the job does not have sufficient permissions to write to the dashboard regardless of any permissions set at the workflow or job level.
```
My attempt at a rewrite :)
